Okay.
So our next feature is going to be allowing the user to filter jobs by both organizations and job types.
So what I'm going to do is follow a very similar protocol to what we did in the previous section.
We can almost assume that we are a new employee and this is a brand new codebase to us, and we're just
going to follow the existing practice that we see in here.
Until we see a reason to change it.
We're just going to stick with what we already have.
So taking a look at our current store state, we have our jobs array where we're eventually going to
get our API jobs and then we have a selected organizations array as well.
I think it makes sense to add a new piece of state called Selected Job Types and that will reflect the
job types that the user has selected from an essential component.
We don't need anything else because remember we are probably going to use a getter in order to filter
our jobs data right here.
And we don't need any new state besides the user's selected job types.
Right.
It's still going to be fundamentally this array of 100 jobs.
We're now just going to need to apply filter logic from both this array and our brand new selected job
types.
Right.
So let's use TDD to allow us to add this new property to our view store state.
So right here I have my state that test, that just file where we have our state tests and I'm going
to add a new description here.
It stores.
Job types that the user would like to filter jobs by.
So we don't even have the component yet.
We're just going to wire up our UCS store first.
Right?
And once again, we can follow the protocol that we have above.
We're going to invoke our state function, which you see on the left, and we're going to get back to
the starting state of our view store later on.
We're going to update it through mutations.
And then I'm going to check the starting state for a property here where I get a chance to define whatever
property I want.
Well, let's keep a similar naming scheme.
So if we have selected organizations, I think here we can do selected job types.
That is going to be my expected property and I'm going to expect that to equal an array, basically
the exact same thing as above for organizations, but now for job types.
All right.
So we're going to get our failure as expected.
It's going to tell us, hey, I'm not able to get that property, which is why it's getting undefined
instead of an empty array.
So right here we can define selected job types, set that to an empty array, let predator do its work
with a test run.
And there we go.
We now have a new slice of your store state to store the user's selected job types.
The next lesson, we're going to add a mutation to receive those job types.